>> Brian Holt: Semicolons,
you've probably noticed these.
This is like a period in
JavaScript language, right?
It's the end of a sentence.
It's the end of a thought.
Or, as it's called in JavaScript,
it's the end of a statement, right?
Technically, they are optional.
So if I went through and
deleted all of these,
this still executes
because there's a thing
called auto semicolon insertion, ASI.
There's some people that
prefer writing code this way.
There are other people that don't
like writing code this way.
I'm just showing you so
you know that it is technically valid.
And I don't care [LAUGH].
I really don't.
Now I just have a tool that inserts it for
me automatically.
And I never have to think
about it ever again.
But that's up to you how you wanna do it.
Technically, at the end of a day,
JavaScript is inserting these
semicolons there for you.
So they end up there whether or
not you write them there.
>> Brian Holt: But that's what it's for.
It's for ending a sentence or
ending a statement.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Just so you know,
I have yeah, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: Can we use
var to declare a variable?.
>> Brian Holt: So
there is an old way of doing it.
That's a good question.
Can we use a var?
So there is a var like this.
This is the old way of doing it.
>> Brian Holt: There are people
that would disagree with me, but
I would say never use var ever,
cuz there's no reason to.
I think constant let totally
eclipsed the need for var.
It has some different semantics, but
you can logically think that
it works like let, right?
So notice, this still works with var,
I was able to reassign it here.
I choose not to use var.
Kyle Simpson would fight me on it and
he would be wrong, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I notice so far you're
only using integers, will let and
constant still allow you
to go into decimal places?
>> Brian Holt: Yes, so you can see here,
I can change that to be.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
suffice it to say, you can.
So in JavaScript.
Here we go, and
notice that that has decimals.
In JavaScript, there is no difference
between integers and decimal places or
floats, as they're often called in
computer sciencey stupid terms.
There's no difference between them.
There's just one number type.
And we'll get into other things
like strings here in a second.
But does that answer your question?
Cool.